Can automatically plug all SRs now (#2)
xcp-ng-rpms/plug-late-sr: SOURCES/README.md

[e986b1a1-9e18-49a1-820b-d0c310bbefa0]
pbd-plug-retry-delay=10
```

### Plug all PBDs

It's possible to define a special category in the configuration file in order to automatically plug all the SRs of the pool.

Just write this category in the config file:
```
[*]
# Params
```

> Warning: Note that options set on other categories will be completely ignored!

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.
```suggestion
Warning: Note with that option set, other categories will be completely ignored!
```
